{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red1\green1\blue1;\red1\green1\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c392\c392\c392;\csgenericrgb\c392\c392\c392;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab706
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Task:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab706\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Develop layout
\b0 .
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab706\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Navigation
\b0 :
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Navigation must be with fixed width.Navigation background must be gradient, with border-radius: 5. The items in the navigation must be aligned left. The navigation icons must be added to the sprite.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf2 Navigation items have hover state.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Site heading
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 The text must not be image and must be rotated with text-shadow.
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Contacts:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Must be used the following HTML elements - <form>, <fieldset>, <label>, <input> to create the contacts section.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 \cf2 Input have 3 states. Hover, normal and active.
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
Footer:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 Create sticky footer or fixed footer at the bottom of the page.
\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\fi-340\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 Responsive:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf3 For tablet, only 2 images should be displayed horizontally \
For mobile phones, only 2 images should be displayed vertically \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\fi-340\ri-5\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Tech criteria:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 1. All visual elements must be done with sprite image and CSS.\uc0\u8232 2. Browser support \'96 IE, FF, Chrome, Safari (last major versions)\u8232 3. Can be included jQuery latest version from google CDN and must be protocol independent. Also include fallback loading of jQuery from local resources.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab706\ri-5\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 4. Include all custom fonts with correct font-face. \uc0\u8232 6. All gradinents must be done with CSS3 - where possible.\u8232 8. You are free to use CSS3 effects and use gracefull degradation for IE browsers\u8232 9. The contact form must use POST method to post data to google.com
\f1 \cf0 \
}